[CHIKA]
Cool!
Did you see how high it flew?
[YOU] All right,
it's your turn, Chika.
[CHIKA]
Okay!
Prepare to be amazed!
Go!
Aw... I thought it
would at least go
a little higher than that.
[YOU] You should try again!
Give it one more shot.
[CHIKA laughs]
'Kay!
[CHIKA grunts]
Uh... Is this yours?
[CHIKA]
Yep! It's neat, right?
[RIKO laughs]
[RIKO]
Think you can fly it higher?
[YOU]
Of course! Way higher!
I'll fly it past the rainbow!
[GIRLS laugh]
[applause]
[YOU]
Great job!
Once more, 'kay?
Here in this school,
let's dance with everyone
from Aqours.
But first, we've got
something to say to Chika.
And everyone here.
Something to say?
--What's up?
--Zura?
[MARI]
That's right!
About our future as third years.
And not just about us, but
also the future of Aqours!
[CHIKA]
The future...
[inhales]
[exhales]
[YOU]
Have they left?
Yeah.
Guess we should get back
so we can practice, huh?
That's right. It'll be
tough to continue
with just the six of us, but
we can't afford to slouch.
[RUBY] Of course,
we've got to do out Rubesty!
It was unanimous after all!
Time to be motivated, zura!
Yep!
[HANAMARU] This isn't the time
for your fallen angel nonsense.
[YOSHIKO]
Don't call it nonsense!
[RUBY chuckles nervously]
[RUBY gasps]
[HANAMARU]
What's wrong?
Oh, it's just...
Where are we gonna practice?
[CHIKA] That's a weird
question. At the school!
Uh! That's right.
I guess we can't
go there anymore.
[RIKO] The space in
front of the station?
[YOU] We agreed we'd only use it
until the Love Live competition.
Ah. So, what are we gonna do?
We could always ask Mari.
She probably knows
a place we could use.
[CHIKA grunts]
[gasps] Something up?
No, we shouldn't ask her.
[GIRLS]
Huh?
[CHIKA] I feel like things won't
work out if we rely on others.
There are only six
of us here now.
We have to learn to
solve our own problems.
You know?
[laughs]
[GIRLS laugh]
Right!
Excuse me!
Yes? Proceed!
I vote that we all go check
out the new school campus.
Since we'll be
starting there soon.
I suppose... we could...
[CHIKA]
It's so far away.
[RIKO] Judging by the
number of students,
I bet it's a rather
large school.
Huh? Weird.
Is there really a
school way out here?
[CHIKA]
What?
So, this is rustic.
You! Are you sure it's
the right address?
Yeah! See?
It's right here in the message
that the school sent us earlier.
"Uranohoshi students
must gather here..."
[HANAMARU]
Is this real life, zura?
[YOSHIKO]
Hey, ow, ow, ow!
[screams]
[RUBY]
Look!
[GIRLS]
Branch school?!
What the heck?!
It kind of seems like the main
school doesn't want to be
associated with the
students from Uranohoshi.
Yeah, that's what I heard,
so it's being run
as a branch school,
at least for the time being.
The building you saw earlier is
actually an old primary school
that they're borrowing because
it was no longer in use.
It's the "new" campus
for the Uranohoshi girls.
I get restructurin', but what's
the point of bein' transferred
to a school that's
closin' down, zura?
What happens when the
middle schoolers graduate?
Will they be in
the same building?
That sounds like it'd
be a tight squeeze!
[RUBY]
♪ La, la, la... ♪
Good morning, everyone!
Uh...
[YOSHIKO grunts]
Welcome to the Hell Zone.
[RUBY screams]
[CHIKA grunts]
Yeah, no thanks.
That sounds kinda terrible.
Practicing for Love
Live would be hard.
Ahh.
But I wonder why we can't
just use the main campus?
Huh? Hold on.
Where'd You run off to, zura?
[ALL]
Hm?
Huh?! Yeah, where is she?
Uh, not here.
[MUTSU] She was sitting
right over there,
but I think she got a
phone call or something.
[YOSHIKO gasps]
No way.
[HANAMARU gasping]
Zura?
[gasping]
What's up?
[RUBY yelps]
Uh, there's nothin'
to see here, zura.
Indeed! The little demons
were making a ruckus.
[MUTSU]
That was weird.
What are you girls hiding?
Tell us. What did you see?
Um, nothing!
Boring old nothingness!
You don't wanna know.
Trust us, zura.
[ALL gulp]
Know what?
[ALL grunting]
[CHIKA]
Oh, that You!
She's probably off shopping
for some cute outfits for us!
[TRIO]
Wait! No! Come back!
[RIKO laughing]
[RIKO]
Uh.
Huh?
[inaudible]
[YOU laughs]
What the...?
I gotta be dreaming. No way.
[BOTH]
Uhh...
Yeah, a dream. It has to be.
Uh-huh.
--[YOSHIKO grunts]
--[RIKO, CHIKA gasp]
No, that guy is real.
[BOTH]
Right.
Maybe he's her brother
or somethin', zura?
You think that's it?
I've known You for
quite a while,
I think I would know
if she had a brother.
[RIKO]
Does that mean...
[YOSHIKO] That boy is...
her big demon?
[CHIKA]
Quick, scatter!
Um, meow?
Why the heck are we hidin'?
Well, because...!
Shhh!
[RUBY]
Ah! She's gone.
--[CHIKA grunts]
--[YOSHIKO] Huh?!
[CHIKA yells]
[ALL]
See ya later.
Hey, back up off of me!
[HANAMARU]
She'll hear us, zura.
[GIRLS gasp]
[YOSHIKO]
Meow...!
--[TSUKI grunts]
--[YOU] Hmm...
[GIRLS]
Sneak...
[YOSHIKO]
Meow.
Oh, good. It was just a cat.
[YOSHIKO grunts]
[GIRLS gasp]
[sighs] That was a close one.
She almost saw us
that time, huh?
Yoshiko, hi!
[sputtering]
[YOSHIKO] I'm sorry, but I'm
not available right now.
Please leave a message
after the beep!
[YOU]
You know I can see you, right?
[TSUKI]
What's going on, You?
I'm sorry, Tsuki.
[RIKO, CHIKA]
Tsuki?
[RUBY, HANAMARU]
Who?
[YOU]
Whoa, Chika?
Uh, right. I guess I
never introduced you.
Everyone, this is
my cousin, Tsuki.
That's me!
Ahoy!
Hold the phone.
He's a she?
[GIRLS groan]
[YOU]
Huh?
[CHIKA grunts] You go to
school at the main campus?
[TSUKI] Mm-hm! Sure do!
Back before I even
registered there, I had actually
asked You to apply with me.
But she turned me down,
said she wanted to go
to the same high
school as Chika.
Huh? You sure I said that?
No need to be embarrassed.
[TSUKI]
Oh, you must be Riko!
Yes?
You talks about you constantly.
She looks up to you.
U-Uh. For real?
No need to be embarrassed.
[GIRLS laugh]
[TSUKI] Chika, Ruby,
Hanamaru, and Yoshiko.
You loves Aqours so much, so
it's no surprise that she talked
about you whenever we had
the chance to meet up.
I always got the feeling
that being in Aqours
is something that's pretty
important to you, huh?
[YOU]
Okay, well now I can't help
but feel a little embarrassed.
That's the You we know and love.
Always so up front
with her emotions.
Why am I feeling
attacked right now?
So, do you know about
the branch school?
Ahh...
Tsuki? Can you tell us
what happened?
[TSUKI]
Well, here's the thing.
Our school's known
for club activities.
And some clubs have even got to
compete at a national level.
[CHIKA]
Hm? Okay?
When we combined
with Uranohoshi,
some thought the clubs might get
watered down because
of the extra students.
And our parents were afraid
it would cause trouble.
For real?
That's like the dumbest
thing I've ever heard!
[TSUKI]
I know, right?
The students and teachers
tried to tell our parents
that everything would be fine,
but they asked what
we'd do if the clubs
happened to fail and if
we'd take responsibility.
There's not much you can
do in that situation.
It sounds tough no matter what.
[YOU grunts]
And that's why we were trying
to figure out how we
should approach it.
All-out war.
Yeah, I highly doubt that.
We need to address
their concerns.
They're worried about
clubs and whether or not
the Uranohoshi students will be
active participants in them.
[TSUKI] So, we just need to
prove to them that your school
has its own club achievements.
[RUBY]
Do we, though?
[HANAMARU]
That's a tall order to fill.
[CHIKA]
A club that's done super well?
[gasps] We do have one.
I heard it won a national
competition recently, right?
Uh. Huh?
[YOU] Don't forget, our school
idol club is considered
top notch, even by our
new school's standards.
We'll show them
just how active we are.
Once they see us,
they won't have a choice.
I'm sure they'll
change their minds!
Yeah. Great idea!
[YOU]
I know!
So, we're doing a live?
And I know just the date!
Our school has an event
coming up next week
that would be perfect for it!
[HANAMARU]
It's... It's...
It's the future, zura!
[RUBY whimpers] Do we really
have to go into that big school?
So funny, right?
Oh great! Old foes.
They've come from
the past to haunt me!
Old foes?
I think she means her
classmates from middle school.
There's no way I'm letting
you back out now.
[BOTH gasp]
[STUDENTS gasp]
[RUBY whimpers]
I'm so nervous.
[HANAMARU] This place is kinda,
sorta, huge, zura.
[YOSHIKO]
What are you freaking about?
The Love Live competition stage
was a hundred times this size!
There's nothing to--
But everyone we knew was there.
[CHIKA]
Well... We're here.
[STUDENTS applauding]
[YOSHIKO]
Six of us?
Will that really
be enough, zura?
[RUBY]
I don't know.
Your group is the next one up.
I asked them to give you some
extra time, sound good?
Break a leg.
'Kay. This one's for Uranohoshi.
That's right.
Come on. We'll be fine.
[CHIKA]
From zero to one.
From one to the next.
Aqours...
[ALL]
...Sunshine!
[ALL laughing]
[ANNOUNCER A] In the spring,
students from Uranohoshi
Girls High School will
merge with our school.
Aqours, their Idol Club,
have kindly offered to perform
a live show for us.
[clapping]
[CHIKA]
This is it.
[RIKO]
Our first step...
[YOU] ...on the journey
to become the new Aqours.
[RUBY] We'll move forward
with the six of us.
[HANAMARU]
With six members.
[YOSHIKO]
Just us.
Uh?
[CHIKA gasping]
[horn honking]
[ALL sigh]
We blew it, didn't we?
I just can't believe we made
such a basic mistake.
And it's not like we were
especially careless or anything.
That's true.
But it felt off somehow.
You know what I mean, zura?
I miss Dia.
[MUTSU gasps]
Look, there! Chika!
[YOSHIMI]
Hey!
It's Mu.
[footsteps]
What'd they say?
It sounds like they've
decided they should keep it
as a branch school for now.
Yeah, of course.
I'm sorry.
It's all our fault for
messing up the show.
[ITSUKO] No. You guys
didn't do anything wrong.
[YOSHIMI] If anything,
we're the ones to blame!
When our school was closing,
and with this too,
we just let you do all the work.
[MUTSU] Probably because we
felt that we can't form a club
like yours, that everyone
would be proud of.
Yeah, but that's just because
you didn't have enough members
to form one. You can't
blame yourself for that.
[CHIKA]
Still though, because of that,
it's more important than ever
that that we do a good job.
[GIRLS gasp]
[MUTSU]
Here.
Thank you?
We know you're trying.
So, don't give up, okay?
And we don't mind
the old school building.
Besides, most of us think it
feels more like Uranohoshi.
--[MUTSU] For sure!
--[YOSHIMI] Exactly.
[MUTSU]
Everything will be fine!
[ITSUKO]
Yep!
[GIRLS laughing]
Yummy!
Mito. Don't eat too much.
'Kay! Fine.
[CHIKA]
Six members...
[sighs]
[door slides open]
Hey, there. This takes me back.
Just like old times, huh?
Do you wanna talk about it?
Not particularly, no.
[laughs]
So, I've been thinking.
About our School Idol Club, and
how it's pretty misunderstood.
Since we're always
smiling up on stage,
I feel like we appear
frivolous to people.
Because we look like we're
having a lot of fun,
it probably seems like we're
just playing around.
[CHIKA]
You think so?
But the truth is, we dance
while we're singing.
And if people knew how
much work all that was
then I doubt they'd
enjoy watching us.
We simply can't show them
that side of being an idol.
I guess not giving up is
the only way to do that.
Everyone's trying their best.
Even the former
Uranohoshi students.
And being school idols
means that we can't lose out
to the established clubs.
We have to do our best, too.
I know that,
but I'm still struggling.
[CHIKA] I don't know how
to make this work
with just the six of us.
When Mari, Kanan, and Dia
graduated they told us
to continue Aqours.
I agreed without thinking.
I was like, "Let's do this!"
and thought we could handle it,
but then when it was
time to perform,
it felt weird without them.
When we were on stage,
it finally hit me.
I could feel it.
They're gone. There's
no more Mari or Kanan.
No more Dia, it's just us now.
I'm not so sure
about the new Aqours,
because without them,
we aren't Aqours.
Moving forward, what'll you do?
Because at this rate,
Uranohoshi and School Idols
will always be misunderstood.
You know,
the thing about failure is
you're meant to recover from it.
[gasps]
[RIKO]
I think there's still time.
--[CHIKA] To fix things?
--[RIKO] Yes!
From here on out, we won't fail,
we'll do things right and prove
ourselves to everyone!
Like, with a live?
[RIKO]
The fact of the matter is,
we'll never solve our
problems by standing still.
It'll be fine. Let's do it!
Love Live!
[laughs]
You're so optimistic today.
[RIKO] I have lived here
for a year now.
I guess somebody must
have rubbed off on me.
Who was it?
[RIKO laughs]
Pretty sure it was you.
[RIKO]
Even so.
It's clear we still have
a long road ahead of us.
[CHIKA]
We've won Love Live before!
That's true. But we can
always be better!
Oh, really?
Better than right now?
[RIKO laughs]
You look so silly.
[CHIKA]
Well, you do, too!
Now this feels more like us,
don't you agree, Chika?
You bet I do! So, I guess
we need to start planning
what we're going to
do next, don't we?
Like a run!
[CHIKA]
Mm!
[RIKO, CHIKA laughing]
It's too hot, zura.
Come on, only
one more lap to go!
[GIRLS groan]
[AQOURS]
One, two, three, four.
And, two, two, three, four...
[YOSHIKO]
So, tell me.
We ever decide where
we're gonna practice?
I've checked out
a bunch of places,
but nothing really worked.
It can't be helped; guess
we'll have to practice here.
On the beach?!
You know, it kinda reminds me
of when we started Aqours.
--How so?
--Whadya mean?
Back then we had no place to
practice. No club room, either.
We didn't even have
a group name yet.
[CHIKA]
Oh, yeah.
It was just me, Riko,
and You in the beginning.
We practiced on this
very same beach.
[RIKO] As if it were fate,
we saw "Aqours"
written in the sand.
[CHIKA]
Yep.
[SARAH]
Long time no see!
[BOTH scream]
[RUBY gasping]
It's Leah!
[HANAMARU]
Why's Saint Snow at the beach?
[YOU]
What brings you here?
[CHIKA]
I e-mailed them.
They said they were
gonna be in Tokyo,
so I invited them to come
watch us practice.
My goodness.
You do know this is my sister's
graduation trip, don't you?
Can't you let her enjoy it?
[CHIKA]
Sorry.
[SARAH]
It's fine.
In fact, Leah was excited
to come and watch.
[LEAH]
I was not!
[AQOURS]
Huh...?
Look, it might sound odd,
but could we get your opinions?
Like about our
performance and stuff?
[SARAH]
Sure.
That's it, huh?
So, how were we?
I'm going to be honest.
I'm sure that's what you want,
or you wouldn't have
asked us to watch.
[GIRLS grunt]
Here's the thing.
If Love Live had points,
then scoring 100 would
make you the winner.
Your score right now...
is a 30. No, wait.
It's probably closer
to the 20-point mark.
[YOSHIKO]
That low?
[RUBY] But that's not
even close to 100.
[SARAH] Ask yourselves, was it
the third years in your group
who made you shine so much?
Was it Kanan's dancing
and natural rhythm?
Mari's singing ability?
Or Dia's brilliant
stage presence?
Were those three what
gave Aqours its spark?
It's an important question.
Without the three of them,
it feels like you're more
anxious and less composed.
That's true. It's as if you've
lost all your confidence.
[YOSHIKO growls]
Well, at least we know what
we need to work on now.
Okay... What do we do?
[LEAH seethes]
Are you kidding me?
You can't ask us to solve
all of your problems!
For once, just figure
it out on your own!
Um, Leah?
Our sisters have moved on!
Deal with it!
[SARAH]
Sorry about that.
[RUBY]
Is Leah planning on starting
a new school idol group?
[SARAH] I think that's what
she wants to do. But...
Even though she's managed
to recruit some members,
I don't think it's
going very well.
It's harder than
she thought it'd be.
[YOSHIKO] Maybe her
personality's the problem.
[HANAMARU]
You're one to talk, zura.
[YOSHIKO]
Quiet, Zuramaru!
[LEAH panting]
[footsteps]
[RUBY panting]
[RUBY gasps]
I'm sorry!
You're trying, but it must
be difficult on your own.
[LEAH]
Love Live... isn't a game!
Huh?
--[helicopter blades whir]
--[gasping]
Hey. What's that?
[YOU] No way, we've definitely
seen that chopper before.
[GIRLS gasp]
[yelps]
It's...
It's... It's...
[GIRLS]
It's Mari!
[HANAMARU]
Zura?
[YOU]
Or not...?
[RIKO]
'Kay, then who?
Hi, I'd like to thank you for
always looking out for my Mari.
You bellas! I am her madre.
Lovely to meet you, a pleasure!
[gasps, grunts]
[GIRLS]
You've lost contact with them?
[AQOURS gasping]
Sì girls, I'm afraid so!
But, before they left,
Mari went on and on about you,
like how you helped
out the school.
I was so impressed.
I wanted to take this
opportunity to thank you.
Have you heard from them?
No. Since this was
Dia's graduation trip,
I didn't want to bother her
with texts or anything.
Now they're missing!
Boop Boop and Hug.
I've tried calling
all three of them,
but they won't answer
their telefoni !
[YOU]
Who are "Boop Boop" and "Hug"?
[RIKO] I'm pretty sure she's
referring to Dia and Kanan.
So I'm asking you--
I believe in you all!
Please go find my Mari!
Uh, huh?
[GIRLS yelp]
[YOSHIKO]
Money?
[YOSHIKO grunts]
[RIKO]
Hold on.
Are you saying you'll give us
this money if we find them?
[HANAMARU hums]
This is chocolate, zura.
Sì! This is my way of saying
I'll pay for all of
your transportation!
[AQOURS gasp]
[CHIKA]
That's cool.
Although, should you
find Mari and the others,
I'll give you a gift equivalent
of what you see here.
Sound bene ?
[YOSHIKO]
Heh, heh. Leave it to us!
For my eyes are gifted with
a powerful magic and see all!
I shall find your daughter!
Worry not! Yohane will prevail!
I think the only thing
your eyes see is money.
[YOSHIKO] How dare you!
You know we've got a show to do!
[RUBY yelps]
A show?
I hadn't even thought about what
our next concert will be like!
[YOU] It does seem weird that
no one has heard from them,
I can't help but worry.
[RIKO]
What should we do?
[SARAH] I think you
should go look for them.
Actually, I had
thought this earlier--
during your show.
You need a new spark,
and I think Mari and
the others can help.
Well, at least once you
find them, that is.
[CHIKA]
But...
Just trust me.
I know this is a new
direction for all of you.
But that's why it's good
to reflect on the past.
So you can focus on the future.
[RUBY grunts]
[RIKO]
Chika.
I think Sarah might have
a really good point.
We can practice for our
shows wherever we are.
It's not like we
haven't done it before.
[YOU]
Don't worry. We can do it!
Okay then! Let's go!
[MARI'S MOM laughs]
Yay! Yay!
Grazie mille, bella!
Uh. So, where did
the three of them go?
It must be fun since it's their
special graduation trip.
A practice ground to the North?
Or a new land in the South?
I know.
You do?
[MARI'S MOM] It's not as
mysterious as all that.
They're visiting the country
that our ancestors are from.
You don't mean...
I think she does.
[GIRLS gasp]
It's Italy! Whoo!
[AQOURS gasp]
[YOSHIKO]
Yohane... Go!
[coin clinks]
[YOSHIKO]
A brand new land.
Behold as Yohane... descends!
We're here!
Pistachio gelato's yummy, zura!
[YOSHIKO]
Already?
[HANAMARU] It also comes
in chocolate flavor!
[RUBY]
Do you want some, Yoshiko?
[YOSHIKO] Of course!
Oh, but what if it messes
with my stomach or something
since I've never had it?
Meh, worth it!
[laughs]
[RIKO]
Have you heard from them?
There's no word from my sis.
Yeah, and nothing from Kanan
or Mari either. All I have is
this picture they sent me
when they first got here.
What do you think?
[YOU]
Hm... I guess we have no choice
but to head to that
location, right?
[TSUKI]
Hey, that's not far from here!
You know this place?
[YOU]
Yep! In fact,
Tsuki lived in Italy
when she was younger.
Pretty cool, huh?
I'll be your guide.
If you ladies have any
questions, I'm happy to help!
Now... Can I get an aye-aye?
Hold up, isn't that
supposed to be my line?
[GIRLS laugh]
[CHIKA]
This is amazing!
The river goes
through the whole city!
[TSUKI] Yeah, the town is
full of different canals,
you can take a boat anywhere!
It's not so great if you
drive a car, though.
[RIKO]
How fascinating!
Jeez. This city's so confusing.
Hm?
[RUBY whimpers]
[TSUKI]
Here we are!
[screams]
I'm scared, Hanamaru!
[HANAMARU]
There, there.
It looks right.
[RIKO]
This has to be the same place.
[phone ringing]
What the...?
[YOU]
Should we answer it?
[CHIKA]
Tsuki?
[TSUKI]
"Bovolo."
[RUBY]
Huh?
The voice said,
"Contarini del Bovolo."
[YOSHIKO]
I don't know.
Something just seems off
about this whole thing.
Uh! What if it's all a set-up?
[HANAMARU]
I'm sure it's fine, zura.
This way?
[TSUKI]
I think so.
Uh.
Huh?! Check it out!
So cool!
It's as if we've travelled
back to the Middle Ages!
The place we're going is at
the top of that building.
[RUBY gasps]
Sis!
It's Mari! And Kanan!
[GIRLS laugh]
Thank goodness.
[GIRLS panting]
[gasps] Whoa. It's you, sis!
[RUBY]
You...
You're... You're okay!
I can't believe you
really came to Italy.
It's so far from home.
[RUBY]
Of course! Of course.
What a relief.
Were the three of you
together this whole time?
Sì, naturally!
Why wouldn't we be?
So does that mean you
girls weren't missing?
[ALL]
Missing? You mean us?
[RUBY grunts]
[MARI]
I knew it!
Mama is the one
who sent them here!
[KANAN] What exactly did
Mari's mom say to you
before you came to Italy?
[RIKO]
Nothing much.
[CHIKA] She mostly just talked
about how you'd gone missing
and that she was very
worried about you.
[DIA]
Oh? And who's that?
Nice to meet you!
Name's Tsuki Watanabe.
I'm actually You's cousin.
Ahoy there girls!
[MARI]
She's bella!
Of course.
She is You's cousin.
[YOU]
Hm?
[HANAMARU groans]
Those stairs.
I'm dyin', go on without me.
Hanamaru!
Rest in peace!
Back up, isn't it strange Mari's
mother would say we're missing?
I think we can assume that
means we're being used as bait.
As bait?
Sì. I'm afraid this
whole thing was a trap.
If we'd known you were coming,
we would have made contact.
Looks like this was a set up.
[DIA] A trap to lure
Mari out from hiding!
[CHIKA]
What?!
[RIKO]
So you girls going missing
was nothing more than a lie?
[RUBY]
Huh...?
[WOMAN A]
Ma saranno loro quelle ragazze?
Ma sì, mi pare proprio di sì.
[WOMAN C]
Ma dite...
[MARI]
This location is no longer safe.
[YOU grunting]
[RIKO, CHIKA]
Uh?
--[TSUKI, RIKO grunt]
--[RIKO, CHIKA] Eh?
Sorry, You. Forgive me!
[YOU, TSUKI]
Uniform!
[GIRLS]
No! Don't!
No, don't zura.
She's definitely...
...related to You, am I right?
[gasps]
[GIRLS]
Come back!
[DIA]
Sorry!
[MARI] We can't tell you
the details right now!
This is just a hunch,
but I think Mari and the others
may be runnin'
away from her mom.
You think so?
Let's go after them!
[RIKO]
That's impossible,
we have no idea where
they might be going!
[YOU]
What's this?
[TSUKI] "If you've fallen, look
to the land Giovanni protects.
The fairies will guide
you on the right path."
The fallen?
Giovanni? In that case,
I have a pretty good idea
the place it's talking about.
Wait. Tell me more
about these fallen.
[RIKO grumbles]
[TSUKI] There's a city in Italy
whose patron saint is Giovanni,
AKA John or Johannes!
[MARI]
We'll go to my secret spot.
How long do you think we should
keep running away like this?
[KANAN]
Don't like it?
Well, I'm not saying
that I hate it.
This really takes me back.
Kinda reminds me of being kids
and sneaking Mari out to play.
[DIA]
I agree.
I guess some things never
change, huh, Mari?
True, let's go!
[KANAN]
'Kay.
Time for an adventure!
That's the spot! Yeah.
[inhales]
What a beautiful house, Mari!
It's your family's, am I right?
It must be nice to be rich.
[MARI]
Sì! I'd definitely agree!
But this isn't my place, I'm
just borrowing it from a friend.
Though, my family does have a
vacation casa kinda close by.
And right now...
[MARI]
Mama must be furiosa !
[growls]
[DIA]
Why did you meet with everyone?
Was this all part of a bigger
plan or something?
Uh-huh! I knew when we
made our great escape
they would probably
suspect we went to
the Ohara vacation home
that's in a different town.
Ah, this was just to
buy you some time.
[DIA] Does that mean Chika
won't be able to find us?
[MARI]
Hm... I left them a little hint
to our whereabouts
in the uniform.
There's a good chance they
could figure it out in time.
[KANAN] Yeah, well, they
did come all this way.
Thanks to your mom, of course.
They'd be better off
forgetting about us.
Like, shouldn't they be focusing
on making the new
Aqours a success?
[DIA]
Maybe they're not just here
because your
mother sent them.
[DIA]
It could be
they have something important
to discuss with us.
[sighs] We're in
Florence at last!
[YOSHIKO] Giovanni, Johannes,
Johannes, Yohane.
[YOU]
What should we do?
[HANAMARU] Sample the local
cuisine, of course!
[GIRLS]
Sounds good!
[RIKO]
Hm...
It's molto buono , zura!
What did you say?
[HANAMARU] That's how you say
"really good" in Italian!
I'm glad we figured
out Mari's clue,
but I'm not sure what
the next step is.
Yeah, and Florence is
still a pretty big place.
I wonder if they plan on
contacting us or something?
What if they're here?
Wouldn't they text?
Maybe they can't?
That could be why.
If they use their phones,
then Mari's mom could
probably track their location.
[CHIKA]
Good point.
[TSUKI]
Here, sorry it took so long!
Whoa! What is this thing?
It's huge!
It's a dish called
"Bistecca alla Fiorentina."
It's quite popular.
[HANAMARU gasps]
I can't wait to try it!
Here, Yoshiko!
Huh? Where's Yoshiko?
Yoshiko! I mean, Yohane!
[CHIKA]
She's gone?
We don't have time for this.
Now we have to find a fallen
angel on top of everything else!
I wonder where she went?
Yeah, good question.
[RUBY]
Johannes.
[GIRLS gasp]
She couldn't stop talking
about Johannes earlier!
[CHIKA panting]
That girl is so ridiculous.
[RUBY laughs]
[CHIKA gasping]
It's huge!
[YOU] What is this place?
It's awesome!
[TSUKI]
It's the Duomo.
[HANAMARU]
Whatty-what-now?
[TSUKI]
And this is Piazza San Giovanni.
[RIKO]
Giovanni like Johannes!
Wow, having such
a large structure
in the middle of
the city is amazing.
[RIKO] But never mind that!
We have to find Yoshiko!
[RUBY]
Where could she be?
Who are you looking for?
[TSUKI grunts]
Our good friend is missing.
She's right around
the same age as us.
Yes, and around
the same height, too.
She can be rather noisy.
And she tells everyone
she's a fallen angel, zura.
[YOSHIKO]
I understand.
It sounds like she's a
very free and noble spirit.
[GIRLS gasp]
It's Yoshiko!
Are those wings? On you?
Who is this "Yoshiko"?
I'm Yohane!
Do you have any idea
how worried we were?
And... What's with that outfit?
It's so weird.
Please, calm yourself,
my Ordinary Lili.
I'm perfectly calm, thank you.
Wait. I thought we ditched
the "Lili" thing.
Here, I shall explain.
I'm not the Fallen Angel,
Yohane.
San Giovanni has shown
me the right path.
I was reborn!
As a true angel!
[GIRLS grumble]
The Aqours girls sure have
interesting personalities.
[sighs] Why'd we even worry?
Come everyone. Follow me,
the beautiful angel, Yohane,
as we aim for the
heavens over yonder!
What is that thing?
It's the cupola.
Duomo's canopy.
I suppose I could grace you with
my presence just long enough
to guide you there. But...
I require a donation
of 15 euros per person!
[RIKO]
You're charging us?
[CHIKA]
You can't force us to donate.
[HANAMARU] I don't think you
know what angels are, zura.
Come!
[YOU]
Whoa...
Look at all the red roofs!
[RIKO] It's not every day
you see a view like this.
Especially one so
different than Japan.
[TSUKI]
Yep.
There are literally centuries
of history here.
Why are there so many
darn stairs in Italy, zura?
Well, this building
is pretty old,
it makes sense that
there's no elevator.
[YOSHIKO]
Do you feel it?
The air is full of
my kindred spirits.
They're sending me their
blessings and gospels!
Behold. See how they wink?
[CHIKA]
What do mean?
[YOU]
It looks more like a signal.
[TSUKI]
That's it!
"The path of fairies
will lead the way!"
[RUBY gasps]
It's my sis!
Let's go!
[RIKO]
You sure about this?
[RUBY whines]
Anyone home?!
[ALL grunt]
[whispers] Come on in.
[GIRLS gasping]
Did you make sure you
weren't followed?
Yep! And just in case,
we changed our route several
times on the hike up.
[RUBY]
Sis!
That's good.
But why on earth would you
come all the way out here?
Wait, did Mama get in
touch with you again?
[CHIKA]
Mm-mm. No. She didn't.
What's the deal with
your mom? Tell us.
[MARI]
Uh. Nothing.
You know how long we hiked?
Come on. Spit it out.
[YOU, TSUKI grunt]
[DIA] It's really not fair to
keep them in the dark like this.
They did travel a long way.
But...
The truth is,
Mari's about to get hitched.
Like to a truck or what?
Not that kinda hitched.
So she's cool?
Hitched, not hip.
She's breaking out of an egg?
That's hatched.
She's that thing the
goes on doors, zura!
You think she's a door hinge?
[RIKO grunting]
I believe she meant hedge!
No, hitched as in married.
[GIRLS]
What?!
Wait. Married?
To a guy?
Who is he, what's his name,
and where's he from?
Enough. There's no guy.
[RIKO, HANAMARU, YOU gasp]
Kanan! That's not funny!
Well, if you don't
do something soon,
then it's only a matter of time.
The whole reason we came
here was to prevent that!
What the heck's going on?!
I don't get it.
Well, to put it all
rather simply,
there's been an
offer of marriage.
[MARI] And what's worse, it's to
some boy I've never even met!
[RUBY]
Why though?
Because she wants to
take away Mari's freedom.
[GIRLS gasp]
She means Mari's mother.
When we first met Mari
as children, her mother
wasn't very fond of us.
[KANAN] Up until that point,
Mari was always well-behaved.
But after getting to know us
she evolved into
more of a free spirit.
[DIA] Mari decided to return
to Uranohoshi on her own,
and then took up the
position of chairwoman.
When it comes to school idols,
let's just say
her mom isn't a fan.
That's too bad.
So, what was the point
of this trip, then?
You see, I wanted
Mama to understand
my feelings, so I
wrote her a letter.
I told her how I am a
different girl than I was
when I was a kid. And that if
she won't let me be free,
then I won't be coming home.
This is all just you rebelling?
Yeah, the problem is we never
thought her mom would actually
chase us to Italy.
Everyone needs to calm down.
Now. Let's take a deep breath.
What are you doing, zura?
This is the wish...
of the Angel Yohane-- Uh!
[screams]
--[crash]
--[groaning]
No, Yoshiko!
You okay?
--[YOU] What a relief.
--[RIKO] Look, a fallen angel!
[YOSHIKO]
That's not even funny!
Can you girls focus on
getting me outta this tree?
[HANAMARU] Sounds like
Yoshiko's back to normal.
--[GIRLS laughing]
--[engine revs]
[footsteps]
Hmph.
[YOSHIKO] Behold, the Fallen
Angel Yohane--is back!
Really. I'm not sure
which version of her
I prefer, they're both annoying.
You know, I can hear you!
Quiet, Little Demon Lili!
[RIKO growls]
Don't call me Lili!
So anyway.
Everyone's involved now.
We need to start thinking
about our next step.
Like, what's our plan?
Good question.
[door slams]
[ALL gasp]
[MARI]
Whoa... Mama?
Hiding out in a place like this.
Let me guess,
it was "Hug's" idea?
[MARI] Nuh-uh! This whole
thing is all your fault!
You're being too strict!
Well, I wish I had
been stricter!
Maybe then you'd behave!
Remember how you ran away from
home in Elementary school?
And how you quit school here
so you could go back to Japan
to try and save Uranohoshi?
I only put up with it because
your father insisted,
but look at the results!
What of them?
[MARI'S MOM]
As if you don't know.
All of your gallivanting
has resulted in failure!
Failure to prevent your
school from closing,
and forfeiting your opportunity
to graduate overseas!
Really? What about my
achievements as a school idol?
We won Love Live!
Do you know how hard that was?
So what?
Please. School idols
are completely worthless.
Those achievements? Who cares?
They're useless.
[gasps] Useless...?
[DIA grunts]
[MARI]
She's doesn't understand.
Right. Which is why we
thought it would be better
for Mari to make
her own decisions.
That's enough!
Besides, Mari will
do what I tell her!
[MARI]
Idols aren't worthless!
Huh? What?
School idols are special.
They're not worthless!
Listen, all I need is the
chance to prove it to you.
I can show you that idols are
capable of great things!
Give me this opportunity.
If you do that, I promise
we'll prove that school idols
have the ability to
touch peoples' hearts.
Then will you acknowledge
my feelings, Mama?
Refuse the marriage offer.
Allow Mari to make
her own choices,
including who she
spends her time with.
As you wish.
Mama?
However, should you fail, you
will do as I say, young lady.
[knocking]
[SARAH]
Leah?
I just got a message from
Chika and the rest of Aqours.
Get this.
They're going to do a live
performance in Italy and...
[LEAH]
Sorry, but...
I kinda wanna be
alone right now.
Yeah.
[YOU]
Buongiorno!
But "good evening"
is "Buonasera." 'Kay?
It's ottimo !
Where are you putting
all that food?
No way the human stomach is
capable of holding that much.
Unless you're not human.
[HANAMARU] Try the lasagna,
zura! Say, "aah!"
[laughs]
So, have we decided everything?
Huh? What do you mean?
Our show! Where are we doing it?
Today was so much fun!
I can't believe we got see
so many awesome sights.
I know! With you all here
I'm molto eccitata !
Is anyone listening to me?
We have to figure out where
to perform so we can show
your mom how great idols are!
You're the reason we even
made that deal! Sheesh!
Yeah, we hear you,
calm down, Dia.
Everything we saw today
was beautiful, but,
we need a crowded place.
Obviously those would
be the best spots,
though a stage wouldn't
be a bad idea, either.
For sure. I loved
the Trevi Fountain.
The stairs were nice, too.
Kinda makes me wish we
could use all of 'em!
[DIA]
That's a tall order to fill.
We could use the colosseum!
I'll help, too!
I can take video!
[CHIKA]
Thanks, Tsuki!
[MARI]
Sounds bene!
We should be able to
gather a huge crowd there.
[KANAN]
Glad we got that settled.
[RIKO]
Me, too.
[HANAMARU] Wait, not so fast.
Give us a moment.
We may be first years,
but we have something
important we'd like to say.
If you don't mind,
we want to be the ones
to pick the venue
for our performance.
[DIA]
Huh?
We're tired of sitting around.
In the past, we've always let
the older members of Aqours
take care of everything.
Not anymore!
We would like you to
trust us with this show.
[YOSHIKO groans]
My stomach is dangerously full!
[RIKO]
And who's fault is that exactly?
[HANAMARU]
Good night, zura.
[YOSHIKO] You could act a little
more concerned, gosh!
Sorry, girls.
[BOTH gasp]
[KANAN] Mari ran her mouth and
got you involved in our mess.
[MARI] Hey. I just got
caught up in the moment!
[YOU]
Like we'd expect anything less.
[CHIKA]
For real.
Look, if you girls
decide to back out,
then we'd definitely understand
and can come up with something
to perform on our own.
It's cool.
[CHIKA]
Mm-mm. We're good.
[BOTH gasp]
Yeah, to be honest I think
we're all happy about it.
[MARI]
Really?
[CHIKA]
Mm. The thing is...
...we came here for us.
It wasn't just because Mari's
mom offered to fund the trip.
[YOU] You see. This sort of
involves everyone in our group.
We've been feeling
kinda worried.
[CHIKA] It's like...
an unsettled feeling.
We're still not sure
about the new Aqours.
Hold up, new Aqours?
We honestly tried our best
to figure everything out
by ourselves, but we couldn't.
But that's where Sarah came in.
She suggested meeting up
with you and talking about it.
Makes perfect sense.
What do you think, Kanan?
Any ideas?
Just that I agree with
what you already said.
[CHIKA]
Hm?
[KANAN] You need to find
the answer on your own.
[MARI]
I agree.
It won't mean as much if we
just tell you what to do.
Yeah, true.
[KANAN]
Chika.
Look, our hearts will
always be with you.
Mari's heart... Dia's heart...
And mine, of course.
That will never change.
Never?
No. Promise.
Now! We should go to bed,
tomorrow's a big day.
Try and get some rest.
[laughs]
Right, so...
Oh! It's strange, but I
think I almost saw it--
Aqours' future!
[BOTH laugh]
[HANAMARU] Where are we
gonna perform, zura?
[YOSHIKO chuckles]
Yohane shall pick!
[RUBY] Actually, we've
already settled on a place!
[AQOURS laughing]
[CROWD gasping]
♪
[applause]
We did it!
Yes! And I must say,
you were magnificent, Ruby!
You can do anything!
[RUBY laughs]
Oh, hey. Why choose
the Spanish Steps?
That's easy!
Well, they felt familiar!
Back in Numazu, we performed
on very similar stairs, zura!
[GIRLS laugh]
[MARI'S MOM]
Mari.
Mama.
The things I've done as a
school idol are a part of me.
And those achievements
help define who I am.
Do you understand?
In the same way
that you and Papa
have always been there for me,
the girls in Aqours
are also my famiglia.
And that's why I refuse
to let go of them.
This is who I'm meant to be.
[YOU]
That was weird.
[MARI]
Sì.
But... I think she understands.
Yohane... is back!
[HANAMARU]
I'm beat, zura.
C'mon, don't leave me!
[HANAMARU]
Seems pretty empty.
[CHIKA] That's kinda strange,
Mu told us to meet her here.
Uh?
[STUDENTS giggle]
Welcome back!
[CHIKA]
We really appreciate you girls
helping with our
live performance.
[YOSHIMI]
Hey, no problem!
We reached out to everyone else
after we got your message.
Yep, and they all said
they'd be happy to help out!
Uh-huh!
We've taken the liberty of
designing the stage for you!
Really?
[MUTSU]
Prepare to be amazed.
Ready?
[STUDENTS]
See?
[AQOURS gasp]
[ITSUKO]
Well?
[HANAMARU]
It's amazin'!
[RIKO] It's a splendid
looking stage, but...
[YOU] Will we have enough time
to make something so intricate?
I was initially
pretty worried, too.
But then we discussed it
a little. And we decided
we'll do whatever it takes to
build a stage worthy of Aqours!
[YOSHIMI] We're determined to
prove that Uranohoshi's clubs
are also worthy
of being proud of!
[ITSUKO] The only thing left to
do is recruit a few more helpers
for the sound personnel
during the performance.
[STUDENS]
Hello.
It's nice to meet you!
[AQOURS gasp]
[TSUKI] These girls told me they
want to help out with your show.
Just because some of our
parents are opposed to this,
doesn't mean the rest
of the school is.
It's not much, but we're trying.
[YOU] Way to be the best
student rep ever!
Thanks so much.
[STUDENT A]
What?!
It can't be. You're Yohane?
[YOSHIKO]
No, I'm not!
We went to the same
middle school together!
I used to watch you online!
U-Uh--!
[ALL]
Yohane... Descend!
[gasping]
We just got these girls from
the main campus to support us.
No running away, Yohane.
[YOSHIKO]
That's scary!
Now this seems like a
great photo opportunity.
Wouldn't you agree, zura?
Photo opportunity?!
For real?
[BOTH]
Yay, pictures!
No way!
[RIKO grunts]
[RIKO]
We won't let you escape.
Say cheese, zura.
You're cruel! This is betrayal,
plain and simple!
[shutter clicks]
[YOSHIKO]
Uh...
[STUDENT C]
Thank you!
[STUDENT B]
It looks perfect!
Yep, it was my pleasure.
[STUDENT A] Give me your ID
so I can send you a copy.
[RIKO, HANAMARU]
Hm?
[gasping]
[STUDENT A, YOSHIKO]
Shake, shake!
Thank you! Let's do our best!
All right! Let's do this!
Hold on. It'll be so different
from the last time we sang.
We don't have the third
years, not anymore.
[RUBY]
We can do it. It'll be okay!
Yeah, you're right!
I have total faith in us.
And in Aqours!
[CHIKA]
Mm-hm!
[RUBY gasps, giggles]
Guess that means we'll
have to work hard, too.
[MUTSU]
Did you bring us souvenirs?
[CHIKA]
Oops, I forgot.
[GIRLS]
What?!
[MARI] How interessante !
I didn't know they were having
so much trouble
with the new school.
[DIA] I wish they would have
said something sooner.
[KANAN]
If we had known the situation,
maybe we could
have helped more.
[DIA]
Perhaps.
But I think it's good they're
tackling it themselves.
[MARI grumbles]
What's the matter, Mari?
It's so boring! I hate that
we can't help our friends!
There's not much we can do.
Especially since the three
of us have graduated.
Besides, Chika went
out of her way
to invite us to go and see
their live performance.
It's not like I don't know that.
[phone vibrates]
What the heck?
[RIKO] You all play nice, okay?
And please be quiet for a while.
Chika really needs
to concentrate.
[barks]
Sit, girl!
[barking]
[gasps] I said sit!
[SHIITAKE barks]
--[RIKO] Sit, Shitake!
--[SHIITAKE barking]
[RIKO] Silly dog, can't you
just listen to me this once?
[SHIITAKE barks]
[RIKO sighs]
[RIKO laughs]
You're really in the zone.
Huh...? Yeah, sorry.
I guess that my muse
just came to me.
And I suddenly knew
how we needed to start.
You mean starting over
with six members?
Yeah. Y'know, I used
to think starting over
meant you had to
go back to zero.
Zero's a typical
starting place after all,
so it made sense.
[RIKO]
But not anymore?
[CHIKA]
No. It's different.
If we started over then we
would lose all the experiences
that made us who we are.
And that doesn't make sense!
Everything we've done together
is still in our hearts.
Not one single thing
has disappeared.
[CHIKA]
And when I think of it that way,
I know we can do this.
I'm looking forward
to your lyrics.
Compose a good song, 'kay?
Of course.
To be honest with you,
I feel like my composing's
better than ever.
While we were in Italy, I tried
to listen to all kinds of music.
[CHIKA]
That sounds like you.
[RIKO] We're not the only
ones working hard.
Ruby and Hanamaru
went to the fabric store
so they could help design
our new costumes.
You and Yoshiko even
learned a brand-new dance
choreography so they
could show it to us.
That's awesome.
The girls in Aqours are amazing.
Sure are! What's it like to lead
such a cool group of girls?
Great, honestly!
[BOTH laugh]
[SHIMA]
Chika!
[CHIKA]
What's up?
Your friend Kanan
is on the phone.
[RIKO]
Huh?
Uh! My phone is dead!
[AQOURS]
Huh?!
You mean Leah wants...
[BOTH]
...to join Aqours?
[GIRLS]
Seriously?
Does that mean she'll
transfer to our school?
I guess.
Depending on the process,
the application could be
completed in the spring,
and she would be able to
attend school with you.
You do all know each other.
So is that what Leah
said she wants to do?
Nuh-uh. We heard
all this from Sarah.
That's right, she's worried
and thinks this may be Leah's
best course of action.
Though, to be fair, I think
she only called us because
she wanted our opinion
as fellow graduates.
We're really happy
that Sarah feels like
she can confide in us, but
since it also involves Aqours,
we wanted to talk
to you girls too.
That's a tough call.
Leah joining us?
I can already imagine it.
[YOSHIKO groans]
Jeez. You call that a step?
This isn't a game! Get it
right or else... Yoshiko!
Don't call me Yoshiko,
the name is Yohane!
Who are you talkin' to, zura?
What do you think?
I don't particularly
mind or anything.
I mean, we've talked about this.
Aqours' success isn't dependent
on how many members it has.
Yeah, that's true.
Leah's a friend, and she's
competed in Love Live before.
That being said,
it still makes me uneasy.
Only 'cause you're afraid
that Leah might be able
to contribute more
than you, zura.
Right, so then.
I oppose.
[CHIKA gasps]
It's just...
I don't think this is
what Leah really wants.
She could join our group,
but that's not going to solve
any of her problems.
Why do you feel that way?
[RUBY]
Because...
After their last show,
Saint Snow dissolved.
And then Leah tried
to start a new group.
I feel she wants to preserve
the memory of performing
with her sister.
That's why she did those things.
Which is why... I don't think
she wants to join Aqours.
Uh...
[RUBY] As someone who has
sung with her sister,
I truly understand
how she feels.
My sis and the others
are not gone.
We may not sing on
the same stage anymore,
but we're still together.
[CHIKA]
Together?
[RUBY] I guess Leah just
hasn't had the chance
to realize that yet.
[RUBY] She has to do
something to fill the void
left by Sarah's departure
from the group.
Right now she's trying her
best to recreate Saint Snow.
But it's only because
they didn't win.
They lost Love Live,
despite all their hard work.
She probably feels like
she let Sarah down.
[gasps]
You know, I think you
may be the only one
in Aqours who really
understands Leah's feelings.
Since I graduated as well,
you have that in common.
[footsteps]
I think you've made
a great point, Ruby.
Agreed!
[RUBY]
Thanks.
But that doesn't
solve the problem.
Huh?
No, it doesn't.
The best thing to do would
be to just talk to her.
Yeah. We've got your back.
No matter what,
that'll never change.
It might be difficult,
but I think we can make
her dream come true.
Dream?
That's it. Leah's dream!
Well now. Seems like we
all have the same idea.
[DIA]
Uh?
The one thing holding her back--
The dream she reached for
but never quite achieved.
Let's do it.
We'll make her wish
come true, together.
I guess we need to make
a call to Sarah then, huh?
[LEAH] I'm sorry, sis.
It was our biggest dream.
[LEAH]
And I...
I destroyed it.
[LEAH]
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry!
[STUDENT D] Did you hear
that Saint Snow lost?
[STUDENT E]
They were a surefire win.
[STUDENT F] How could they
mess up that badly?
[SARAH]
Leah!
[wails]
[footsteps]
[LEAH]
Sis?
Your uniform?
But why?
[TSUKI] Okay! Get ready,
because we're about
to conduct the final
round of Love Live!
[gasps]
Allow me to introduce the
two groups in the finals!
Whoa.
That energy.
She's a natural.
First up, our local idols
from Uranohoshi!
This may be their
first appearance,
but they are second to none!
Give it up for the
school idols, Aqours!
[ALL cheer]
[TSUKI] Our second group
is the talented superstars
born in the North, Saint Snow!
[SARAH] We're gonna hold
our own Love Live.
A competition
that's just for us.
[LEAH grunts]
Take it. You'll need to get
changed for our performance.
We have a lot of preparations
to make before we sing.
So let's get ready.
[LEAH]
Uh... Mm.
Sis, I...
[SARAH] Leah. We need to
focus on the competition.
But after this whole
thing is over,
and we're done
performing together,
I have something I
would like to tell you.
[gasps]
[gasps] Sister!
[SARAH] Come on,
there's no need to cry.
[RUBY] Let's move
forward together, Leah!
[LEAH gasps]
[RUBY]
It's time for us to be strong.
Ever since we first met you,
Hanamaru and Yoshiko,
they've been trying
their best, just like me!
[gasps]
[RUBY]
Love Live... isn't a game!
[BOTH gasp]
You ready?
[LEAH]
Mm!
One last performance...
...against our rivals, Aqours!
♪
[LEAH panting]
This moment that we just
shared will never vanish.
We're both Saint Snow.
That is a bond that
cannot be broken.
It'll always be part of us.
This feeling will always
remain in your heart, Leah.
No matter how we
change in the future,
this much will stay
the same, I promise.
So please. You don't need
to chase it anymore.
That's what I wanted
to say to you.
Thank you, sis.
[MARI]
Oh! I've always thought that
being a School Idol
was simply magnifica!
[DIA] I agree, but this will be
our last time performing.
[KANAN] Yes. So we should
definitely give it our all
and show them our idol spirit!
Amazing!
School Idols... are so amazing!
I can't believe we're the only
ones watching this Love Live!
That's just... unacceptable!
[RIKO]
Chika?
Uh?
I've got it!
I finally understand
our new Aqours!
[STUDENTS chattering]
[YOU]
Wow, now that I think about it,
this is the very first time
we've ever had to create
a stage from scratch.
It's been interesting.
I agree.
It's symbolic.
It represents our new beginning.
[MUTSU] Just gotta finish
this and we'll be done!
Thank you, Mu!
Are you girls having fun?
--[MUTSU] Yep!
--[ITSUKO] The last time
we built something together
was when the school closed.
[YOSHIMI] We're determined to
prove that Uranohoshi's clubs
are also worthy
of being proud of!
Hard to believe we're
gonna sing up there.
I can't wait for it.
I'm nervous!
No wait, I'm not.
Me either, wonder why?
Maybe... It's because we've
all grown a little bit.
[HANAMARU]
Good point, zura!
[RUBY]
Thanks!
[MUTSU] Chika, why don't
you all head home?
[AQOURS gasp]
Yeah, we can take care of
anything that's left to do.
Go and get some rest!
You've got a big performance,
remember?
[YOU]
But...
It'll be fine! Besides,
we have plenty of people
that are willing to help out.
Right?
[ALL gasp]
The time has come.
Ah, looks like I can't
avoid this after all.
Stay calm, zura.
Uh, Tsuki. What's going on?
After watching the live video,
we all had a discussion.
Everyone here decided we want
to help as much as we can!
Okay...
But what about your own clubs?
[TSUKI]
We realized something.
Even our parents realized it.
Why do we have clubs
in the first place?
Uh, I don't know.
They're meant to be fun.
Watching you, I realized just
how much you truly love
being school idols.
That's something I believe
we can learn from.
After seeing Saint Snow,
and everyone in Aqours,
I've come to realize that.
So thank you girls.
Uh-huh! Exactly.
We're doing this
'cause we want to!
Yeah, so don't worry about it.
Right! We're more than
happy to help you out.
Please leave it to us!
Fine. Okay.
Thank you.
We really appreciate it!
[RIKO]
What do you wanna do?
Practice, or something else?
[YOU]
Uh... I'm sure we could, but...
Dunno. That's a tough one.
Hey, question.
Does anyone know how long Mari
and the others will be in town?
[KANAN] Once we've seen
you ladies make a start,
we'll probably leave.
So we can chase our dreams.
That's right!
[RUBY]
It's my sis!
[RIKO]
Wow, this is a surprise.
Well, since we're here. Do you
wanna go somewhere together?
[GIRLS]
Huh?!
[DIA]
All nine of us.
[KANAN] Come to think of it,
the bus stop's no longer here.
[RIKO]
Now that the school's closed,
there's not much
of a need for it.
[MARI] It's getting dark earlier
and earlier these days.
[YOU]
This place feels so nostalgic.
[RIKO] It seems like only
yesterday that we were all here.
[DIA] We took this path
every single day.
[KANAN]
It's strange,
but I've kind of missed
this place, you know?
[HANAMARU gasps]
[GIRLS laugh]
[DIA]
It's not that surprising,
considering all
that happened here.
It was always so busy
and full of life.
What you mean to say is it
was noisy, isn't that right?
Well sure, says the noisiest
person ever, zura.
Whatever!
Last I checked you're not
exactly quiet either, Zuramaru!
[RUBY]
We had so much fun.
[CHIKA]
Hey. Why did we come here?
Oh. I just felt like it,
I suppose.
Well I guess if you can hear it,
you know it's still here, zura!
[ALL laughing]
[ALL gasp]
It's open.
[CHIKA]
Don't worry.
It won't disappear.
Not Uranohoshi
Girl's High School.
Or the playground.
The library... The roof...
The club room.
Definitely not the sea
and sandy beaches.
The bus stop.
The sun.
The ships and sky.
The mountains and
this whole town.
[CHIKA]
Or Aqours.
Let's go home.
Everything we love,
that's special and dear to us--
it's not going anywhere.
I'm positive.
It won't ever become zero.
We'll carry it all with us,
as a part of ourselves.
No matter where we go in life,
the memories we've made
will always remain.
That's why...
...when we start,
it's never from zero.
[RIKO] We'll begin, and move
forward, one step at a time.
Always climbing higher.
[YOU]
That's true.
Even if it feels like we're
going backwards...
[YOSHIKO]
...we're not.
Because our accomplishments
move us forward.
[RUBY]
Everything will work out.
In my heart,
I truly believe that!
[HANAMARU] There are days
when reality is harsh.
[MARI] And there are days where
our dreams don't come true,
but that's okay!
[KANAN] Because even if we
stumble and go back toward zero.
[DIA] We'll still have all the
precious memories and treasures
that live inside our hearts!
[CHIKA panting]
[CHIKA] These things
will never, ever disappear!
Uh?
Ha...!
[CHIKA] The blue bird
has flown over the rainbow.
I know... we can do this!
[STUDENTS chattering]
[RUBY]
Attention everyone!
Hello!
Thank you for coming!
We are the Uranohoshi.
Uh, I mean the ex-Uranohoshi
School Idols, Aqours!
In just a few moments, we'll be
performing a live show on stage
at the South Exit.
We're super excited.
And we can wait to show you what
the brand new Aqours looks like!
We appreciate your support!
[applause]
Okay. Ready to do this thing?
For everyone we love...
...we'll put our hearts in it.
Our very souls!
Let's go sing to them...
...the first song
of the new Aqours!
One.
Two.
Three.
Four.
Five.
And six!
Seven.
Eight.
Nine!
Did you hear that?
[GIRLS grunt]
[CHIKA]
From the start to the end--
together with everyone.
To the future and beyond!
Aqours...
[AQOURS]
...Sunshine!
[GIRL A]
Come on, hurry up!
[GIRL B]
Wait a second!
[GIRL A panting]
We made it!
[GIRL B] Reminds me when
we used to go swimming
when we were little.
Anyway, why'd we come here?
[GIRL A] Because this
is sacred ground, duh!
[GIRL B]
Sacred what now?
[GIRL A gasps] Didn't you
see the live in Numazu?
Where've you been?
[GIRL A] Know what?
When I go into high school,
I 100% wanna
be a school idol!
[GIRL B]
This again?
[GIRL A]
Everyone looks super sparkly.
I just wanna shine too, okay?
[GIRL B sighs]
In that case.
What name do you
think we should use?
[GIRL A]
Well...
What about...
[CHIKA]
Aqours...
[AQOURS]
...Sunshine!